hello everyone welcome to my
channel today keep heading about
tasty and healthy food now I have for
back
burns a fire and as soon as the corner
i will start cooking fish on the grill and
course will show you how I deal
I prepared the fish beforehand
cut here with steaks like this somewhere
one and a half centimeters thick I will immediately clarify
what a recipe like cooking fish
I am already on my channel as well, just for
those who have not seen him so in two words
I will repeat it in advance I salted her eyes
sprinkled with lemon juice or sprinkled
seasoning for fish
this way the pieces stood somewhere
10-15 minutes I will use the grid
for cooking your steaks and
I will preliminarily smear it with vegetable
oil here a little bit left but me
this is quite enough for
so that the fish do not stick while I 'm waiting for my
coal literally a few words I will say no
all he's at my house eat fish in particular
my son is not very fond of him beloved
food is more chicken
so now I'm at home in the oven
cook chicken ask me why and
on a fire well, and I don’t even
supposed to make fish today
it happened spontaneously by chance here
so I put it in the oven at home
chicken too i do it all very
just show you how i do it now
I 'm preparing to do an insert video who wants
chicken will eat chicken who wants a fish
accordingly will eat fish and on
garnish
we decided to make a very vegetable salad
easy and tasty to cook
used fresh white cabbage
many many green onions and dill
fresh cucumber and canned peas
I use for refueling
freshly made mayonnaise can also
use mayonnaise and
out of the packaging stores but since now
I started cooking mayonnaise myself so I
only I use such as
freshly made salad is obtained
very tasty and but if you neglect
mayonnaise even though we are putting it right
only fresh organic food
can be considered this body is also very
useful neighbors began to mow I'll take
until the break for half my barbecue
embers are ready those drams who continue
burn away he is a little fish i
placed on the lattice you see
and start
I will occasionally fry on a fire
turn fish is preparing very quickly
and literally in 7-10 minutes our dinner
he'll be ready
my fish continues to be fried here
time lakomlyu cherries she is with us already
quietly matures it is very tasty
so if you have a garden cottage
be sure to buy land plant itself
cherries if you can plant
bring take some twig this
berry very cool delicacy and
fruiting through on begins again
very early that is in the beginning of June horrified
berries
but unfortunately I can not show you
now fish and gathered around me
all my how you hide so sit around
because of course the whole thing
it smells and they want to try on the very
actually my fish is ready, even as
the edges started on
burn so i won't experience
fate
all winter and out of the fire or go to dinner
I will definitely show you something to eat
fish as the salad itself will write
ingredients that are included in it
I have no yes cooking recipe
lettuce separately on the channel and under the video
leave a link to cooking fish on
lattice and of course I will show how easy
quick and easy to cook a chicken in
Oven skin today but I decided
cook a very simple dish the same
time is very tasty and fast
cook this chicken in sauce
all the most important thing is the sauce
so I took the boneless bucket
salted it beforehand and
pickled in a sauce like this
it all stood for about half an hour now
I 'll put it in the oven and cook
until golden brown to readiness
accordingly the sauce is
apple plum puree spoon of sour cream
teaspoon mustard granular
granulated garlic and some salt
it turns out so tasty ordinary
chicken pieces are smeared with this sauce and
forbidden to him is awesome easy and simple
very tasty my dinner tonight
nature consists of a piece of fish which
just made salad salad
believe me very tasty once again
it includes white cabbage with
canned peas which is attached
lettuce soft dill
green onions and of course fresh cucumbers
filled with home
lock and on a plate I put another
slices of tomato because tomatoes
fits very well with fish on this
i say goodbye to you
you in new videos
well tasty and healthy and healthy food
all until we meet again on my channel
don't forget to subscribe to not
skip new videos